## Introduction
---
## :trophy: A0.1 Learning Activity
---
## Objective
---
Make the context of the case study, as well as a field interview, and finally consolidate the requirements' information using the "emphatize" phase proposed by the design thinking methodology.

### :blue_book: Instructions

* Based on the provided information by the teacher about design's thinking emphatize phase, develop the indicated activity from the development's section, and if necessary make a brief investigation about **tools to collect information for the customer requirements analysis**.

* Every activity or challenge must be realized using **Markdown style with .md extension** and VSCode development environment, it has to be as a **single page** document, which means if the document has images, links o another external document it must be accesed from tags and links, and must be named with the nomenclature **A0.1_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf**.

* As a requirement the .MD file must contain a tag of the link to the repository of your GITHUB document, for example a **Link to my GitHub** and after finishing the task it must be submitted to Github.

* From the **.md** file export a **.pdf** that must be uploaded to Classroom in the corresponding section, serving as evidence of turned in, since being the **official** platform here you will receive the activity's result.
Considering that the .PDF file was obtained from the .MD file, both must be identical.

* Your repository, besides containing a **readme**.md inside the root directory containing student's information, team, subject, career, teacher's information, and also a logo or pictures, must contain a section of contents or index, which are **links to your md documents**, try not to use text to indicate internal or external links.

* It's suggested to use a structure similar to the one indicated below, however, you can use any other structure that can help you organize your repository.

~~~
| readme.md
| | blog
| | | Cx.1_NombredelaActividad.md
| | | Ax.1_NombredelaActividad.md
| | diagrams
| | docs
| | html
| | img
| | pdf
~~~

## :pencil2: Development
---
1. Taking as base the characteristics referred in the case study and the design's thinking proposal, make a context, a listing of at least **15 questions to the client** that can give more detailed information to elaborate the analysis of the requirements about the case study.

    1. What elements of design or esthetic would you like on the platform? 
    2. Which kind of user information you think is necessary to create an account?
    3. Do you think that login is needed to use the platform?
    4. Would you like the platform to have search filters?
    5. Would you like that saved topics will be available only for the user’ account or as a guest too?
    6. Which kind of files can the users share?
    7. Would you like the platform users to rate the uploaded files?
    8. If posts are made, would you like to have feedback on them?
    9. Would you like the platform to let  you add someone as  a friend to share files directly with them or all sharing methods are external?
    10. What information will the user see about the topics they have uploaded?
    11. Do you think it is important for the system to recommend documents related to the topic that the user is looking for?
    12. After the post is done, how many topics are going to be recommended? 
    13. What is the uploading files limit?
    14. Do you think it's important to have a download option for the files?
    15. Would you like to introduce a payment method to provide more (premium) options to the user?

