## Introduction
---
## :trophy: A1.0 Learning activity
Requirements specification documentation and the IEEE830 Standard

### :blue_book: Instructions

* Based on the documentation of the ERS IEEE830 Standard and the template provided by the advisor, fill in all the points referred to in this document for the case study.

* Any activity or challenge must be done using the **MarkDown style with .md extension** and the environment VSCode development process, it must be prepared as a **single page** document, that is, if the  document with images, links or any external document must be accessed from tags and links, and must be named with the nomenclature **A2.1_NameSurname_Equipment.pdf**. 

* It is a requirement that the .MD contains a label of the link to the repository of your document in GITHUB, for example **Link to my GitHub** and at the end of the challenge it should be uploaded to github.

* From the **.md** file export a **.pdf** file that must be uploaded to classroom within its section corresponding, serving as evidence of its delivery, since being the official platform here it is you will receive the grade of your activity.

* Considering that the .PDF file, which was obtained from the .MD file, both must be identical.

* Your repository in addition to having a **readme**.md file inside your root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and
even logo or images, it must have a section of contents or index, which really are Links or **links to your .md documents**, avoid using text to indicate internal or external links.

* A structure is proposed as indicated below, however any other can be used to support you to organize your repository.

~~~
| readme.md
| | blog
| | | C1.1_x.md
| | | C1.2_x.md
| | | C1.3_x.md
| | img
| | docs
| | | A1.1_x.md
| | | A1.2_x.md
| | | A2.3_x.md
~~~
___
 
## :pencil2: Development
 
1. Insert here the link to the document referred to in the template that the advisor has indicated.
:paperclip: [Document Link](https://github.com/Bernal03/AnalisisAvanzado_Repositorio_Bernal/blob/main/blog/A2.1RequirementsAndDocumentationDetails.pdf)
 
___

##Conclusions
##### **1. Bernal Arellano Roberto**
The making of this activity was so useful, with the use and makeing of this documents we can explain to our client the things our software can do, even express the thing it can't do. Even we can have this document as some kind of "guide" where we see the requirements needed to acomplish the full functionality of the platform (in our case: The vid of knowledge).

##### **2. Cisneros Acosta Jose Enrique**
In what is being learned within the subject it has helped us to give us an idea of ​​what professional life will be like, since an important part is the documentation of projects, about what their requirements are and how it will be carried out, currently The vid of knowledge is very soon to be developed and we hope that with this documentation the idea of ​​the project will be clearer.

##### **3. Pimienta Castillo Kevin Aryam Christopher**
We reconsidered the requirements of The Vid of Knowledge system while we were doing the practice as we took the administrator user into consideration. We with more detail the non-functional requirements, which better complemented the information we had until the previous practice.

##### **4. Sandoval Salazar Esmeralda**
In conclusion, I think it is very important to make this kind of document in our case that this is a software, there we can realize that's what really we occupy having requirements are fundamental to its realization and completion of this project, as ell as the diagrams that support us with each step and sequence of the system.

___
### :bomb: Rubric
 
| Criteria     | Description                                                                                  | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions |Is each one of the points indicated in the section fulfilled? | 10 |
| Development |Was each one of the points requested within the development of the activity answered? |60|
|Demostration|Does the student introduce himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity? | 20|
|Conclusiones|Is a personal opinion of the activity included by each of the team members? |10|
      
 
 
:house: [Github repository](https://github.com/Bernal03/AnalisisAvanzado_Repositorio_Bernal)